# Week of 10/16/2022 - 10/22/2019

## Meeting Start Time

2022/10/21/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2022/10/21/15:30

## Location/Medium

RB369

## Present

Peyton Schaefer, Landon Hammond, Nate Slagter, Cameron Allan

## Minute Recorder

Landon

## Topics Discussed

- Addressing issues related to bitbucket and permissions for creating repositories.
- Set up temporary repositories for frontend and backend while we wait for permissions.
- Fix design elements we got feedback on.
- Spoke about sizing user stories.
- Setup IDE's and related software required.


## Things Clarified

- Valerie has gotten in touch with the IT department to get permissions set for us, so we should have permissions ready
- We will conduct our sprint on Wednesday next week
