# Client Meeting on 10/12/2022

## Meeting Start Time

2023/03/20/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/03/20/15:30

## Location/Medium

Accutech HQ

## Present

Peyton Schaefer, Cameron Allan, Landon Hammond, Nate Slagter, Dan Wright, Michael Keen

## Minute Recorder

Peyton Schaefer

## Topics Discussed

- Implementation and design of notifications and comments
- New document view
  - structured more like google drive, Dan appreciated this a lot
- Ability to preview files and comment on them
- Plans for the next iteration
  - Walkthrough on account sign up, prompting users to upload specific documents and add specific contact/connections
  - Mobile View
  - Ability to add comments to connections for people with multiple connections of the same type
    - the idea is to help the client remember what connection is in charge of

## Things Clarified

- Some of the functionality and styling has random bugs that break immersion
- There was an issue with editing user information.  This will get worked out tonight.
- Sometimes, the page would not automatically reload and it was ambiguous if the action went through.
- Sharing a document did not work due to some silly merge conflicts.
- Dan appreciated the new document view a lot and was even interested in how we accomplished it.

## Client Use of the Project

- Dan's use of this project was much better than last time, he struggled more to use my Mac than he did the project
- He was able to do all of the expect things such as navigate to the documents, add connections, comment on documents, resolve and delete comments.
- Dan mentioned that the styling on a couple of pages was a little weird, namely the file preview had some elements overlapping
- He appreciated the prompts on the pages and commented on the fact that he was much less confused using the project this time around.
- Issues:
  - Dan was unable to change his account name
    - technically it did change his account name, but the page did not update to tell him.
  - Dan had trouble clicking the mouse on my Mac
  - Dan could not share a document with one of his connections
  - Notifications were not generated for all of the actions
