# Client Meeting on 10/12/2022

## Meeting Start Time

2023/02/06/16:30

## Meeting End Time

2023/02/06/17:00

## Location/Medium

Accutech HQ

## Present

Peyton Schaefer, Cameron Allan, Landon Hammond, Nate Slagter, Dan Wright

## Minute Recorder

Peyton Schaefer

## Topics Discussed

- Implementation and design of invites and connections
- New professional users
- Ability to delete documents and share them with connections
- Plans for the next iteration
  - notifications service
  - checklist for new users to upload specific documents 

## Things Clarified

- UI/UX needs some love.  When there is content on the page, it works fine, but a lack of content leaves the page empty and the user has to clue where to go.
- There was a small bug with creating connections specifically when the professional accepts the invite.  We need to fix this before tonight.
- Dan brought up the check list and we reassured him that that can go hand-in-hand with the notifications system
- Mentioned a possible merging of connections and contacts
  - Dan wants connections to be able to have notes - people may have multiple attorneys and it can be ambiguous what their specific role is.  It would be helpful for the user to be able to save custom notes about each connection
- Discussed possibility of file previews on the frontend, we need to discuss how that can be done.

## Client Use of the Project

- Dan used this project mostly how we expected him to
- We had to help him a couple times, specifically with creating invites and connections since the page is empty when the user is new
- Dan mentioned that the document page needs default text too, it was hard for him to figure out what was happening
- Any time the frontend made a call to the backend, Dan had no clue if it worked or not.  We had gotten used to checking the console to see if it worked, this cannot be the case and should be fixed before tonight's deadline.
- Dan used our software for about half of the meeting time.  It took him a while because we had to explain a lot to him.
- Dan liked the functionality but found it hard to use without an explanation.
- We noticed that we had gotten to used to the system and were not looking at it with fresh eyes.  We need to put ourselves in the shoes of clients and maybe do some UX testing with strangers.
- Issues
  - Sending invites from the client and accepting them as a professional did not create the correct connection.
  - Autofilling document tag from the dropdown did not work as intended.
