# Mentor Meeting on 2/05/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/02/05/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/02/05/14:30

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Cameron Allan
Landon Hammond
Michael Keen
Peyton Schaefer
Nate Slagter

## Minute Recorder

Peyton Schaefer

## Topics Discussed

- We ran through the working features - namely sending invites and connections
  - They were not perfectly working just yet, but Michael got a good idea of how they worked and gave us some feedback on moving forward.
- Discussed planned implementation of permissions system
  - Michael said we were on the right track and that our plans should work just fine


## Things Clarified

- Frontend needs to be better about letting the user know what happened behind the scenes
- Too much refreshing to see changes, the frontend should do this automatically since the user shouldn't need to know when to refresh
